Contact Sales
Login
Contact Sales
Automate Your Outbound With an All-In-One, AI-First Platform
Powered by AI Employees
Equip your team with the best-in-class outbound tools and our AI BDR Ava, who automates your entire outbound workflow.
Get Started
The Future is Consolidated
We’re Building the Future of Software,
With AI Employees Called Artisans
We're not just building an outbound sales tool. We're replacing, optimizing, and automating the entire GTM stack with AI and world-class software products.
We're creating a world where Artisans will work alongside humans to automate the majority of their work.
Ava,
The Sales Artisan
Hey there 👋 I’m Ava
Meet Our First Artisan,
Ava, the AI BDR
Meet Ava
Talk to Sales
She Automates Outbound
Ava automates 80% of the work your outbound team are doing manually within our all-in-one platform.
She Finds Leads
Ava prospects for you with access to over 300M B2B leads, enriches them with demographic, firmographic, intent and technographic data and verifies their email addresses.
She Sends Personalized Emails
Ava individually researches each prospect before writing and sending hyper-personalized emails to each, on behalf of your reps.
How Artisan Sales Works
Get Better Outbound Sales Results
With Less Human Work
1
Create A Campaign
With campaigns, you decide who Ava targets, what she's pitching, and what messaging & language she targets them with.
2
Ava Finds You Leads
3
Ava Researches Leads
4
Ava Ghostwrites Hyper-Personalized Emails
Talk to Sales
Playbooks
Templates Are So 2023,
Meet Email Playbooks
Get An Email From Ava
Choose a Playbook below and Ava will prospect you the same way she does leads on our platform! Just enter your email below and wait for Ava to work her magic...
Uno Reverse
Ask Engaging Questions, Then Sell
Ultrahuman
AI-Written, With A Human Touch
Classic Sales Pitch
Compliment, Relate and Sell
Uno Reverse
Ask Engaging Questions, Then Sell
Ultrahuman
AI-Written, With A Human Touch
Classic Sales Pitch
Compliment, Relate and Sell
Email Me Ava!
Before Ava
After Ava
Al Sales Playbooks
Lead Research
Email Generation
Intent Data
Workflow Builder
AI SDR
Email Warmup
Features
Innovation At Every Stage of the
Outbound Cycle
B2B Data
Sales Playbooks
Email Warmup
40+ Languages
Email Deliverability
Workflow Automation
A Database of Over 300M+ B2B Contacts
Unlock the full potential of your sales campaigns with our expansive B2B data. Dive into detailed company profiles, decision-maker contact information, and industry-specific insights to target your outreach more effectively.
Talk To Sales
Enterprise
Artisan For
Enterprise
We're building the next generation of outbound software: all-in-one and AI-first. The days of a 15-product stack centered around Outreach or SalesLoft are over.
Talk to Sales
Consolidate Your Fragmented Stack
We consolidate every tool your team needs for outbound with best-in-class products - from B2B Data to Email Warmup.
Free Reps to Focus on High-Leverage Work
Ava automates over 80% of your BDRs' outbound workflow, and does it more effectively. This frees up your reps so they focus on high-leverage activities like calling prospects and closing deals.
Automate Your Best Manual Strategies
We can build custom Playbooks that replicate the research & email writing workflows of your top performers, automate them with Ava, and make them available to the entire team.
Ready to Supercharge Your Outbound?
Our AI-first platform equips your team with best-in-class outbound tools and our AI BDR Ava, who automates your entire outbound workflow.
Get Started
Products
Artisan Sales Overview
Ava, the AI Sales Agent
B2B Data
Sales Playbooks
Email Warmup
Sales Automation
Resources
Blog
Demos
Support
Case Studies
ChangelogSoon
Solutions
Enterprise
Midmarket
Startups
Lead Gen AgenciesSoon
Company
About Us
Contact Us
Careers
Artisan LabsSoon
© 2024 Artisan AI Inc. All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Cookie Settings
By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts. For more info, visit our Cookies and Tracking Technologies section.
Accept All Cookies