Skip to main content
Artisan AI Help Center
Back To App
English
English
All Collections
Artisan Sales
How Do I Upload a CSV File of My Own Leads?
How Do I Upload a CSV File of My Own Leads?
Learn how to upload a CSV file of your own leads for Ava to draft personalized emails for.
Updated over a week ago
Table of contents
Watch the video tutorial on Youtube here: https://youtu.be/Q2cvz48wdKg?feature=shared
If you would like Ava to contact a list of leads you’ve generated yourself, you can upload a CSV file with the leads included. Doing so is a simple process.
All you need to do is click on "Upload CSV" button in the Target Customer Persona section of your Campaign Settings:
Once you upload your file, Ava should be ready to start drafting emails! However, there are a few things you should be aware of when working off your own CSV file.
Make Sure You Have All the Information For Each Lead
For Ava to use your CSV file, she'll need the following information about your leads:
Email Address
First Name
Organization Name
Job Title
Website
The reason why Ava needs this information is because this is all essential information for her to draft her hyper-personalized emails.
Before uploading your CSV, make sure you’ve included all of this information. If you don't know the job title of particular leads, you can put 'Other' in the cell.
Map the Corresponding Columns
After selecting the CSV file to upload, map each column to the corresponding label using the dropdown menu. This step ensures that Ava reads your CSV correctly!
Ava Won’t Find Leads For You
If you opt to upload a CSV, Ava will only email leads off of this list. She will not use her search settings to find leads for your campaign.
Each day, Ava will pull the amount of leads from your CSV that is proportionate to the plan you have. When Ava runs out of leads, she’ll pause her outreach.
To continue, you’ll need to either upload a new CSV or set up a campaign with your target customer persona so Ava can find leads for you.
Related Articles
Does Ava Work for B2C Leads?
How Many Email Addresses Do I Need for Different Plans?
Ava Isn’t Sending Out My Emails. Why?
How To Create A New Campaign
Getting Started with Artisan Sales
Did this answer your question?
😞😐😃
Artisan AI Help Center