Contact Sales
Login
Contact Sales
Consolidated
Outbound Sales Automation
Artisan Sales, our AI-driven sales automation platform, and Ava, our Sales Artisan, work in symbiosis to automate more than 80% of your outbound sales tasks. We utilize cutting-edge AI to automate and streamline your sales process more effectively than any other platform.
Get Started
Features
Ava Takes the Burden Off Your Sales Team
Lead Discovery
Lead Research
Sales Strategy
Email Writing
Send Management
Deliverability Optimization
Response Rate Optimization
Lead Discovery
Automatically find B2B professional & e-commerce leads with over 300M contacts available.
Talk To Sales
Plays Well With Others
Easily integrates with the tools you already use.
Replaces Them Entirely
Consolidate 10s of tools with one Artisan subscription.
Save Time & Money
Why You Should Switch to
Artisan Sales
We've got the best sales AI software on the market. We're product-driven, user-centric, and determined to bring outbound sales into the age of AI.
Talk to Sales
Save On Headcount
With Artisan Sales, 80% of your outbound team’s tasks are automated, so you can reach more people without growing your team.
An AI BDR That Self-Optimizes
Ava isn't your average AI sales assistant. Not only does she automate tasks, she also learns from your feedback over time, just like a real human would.
Get Up and Running Within A Week
Learning to use Artisan Sales takes minutes - and with our dedicated support team's help, you'll be onboarded and live within days!
Replicate Your Top Performers
Using our AI Playbooks, we can work with you to automate your top-performing outbound research & writing workflows.
All-In-One Subscription
From email deliverability to B2B data, we've got it all. We've built best-in-class products for the entire outbound cycle, all in one place.
Intent-Driven Outbound
Harness the power of behavioral, firmographic, technographic, search term, social media keyword, review site and competitor user intent data.
All Included In One Subscription
Access all of these features and so many more with Artisan Sales.
Data Analysis
B2B Data
AI Sales Playbooks
3rd Party Data Enrichment
Web Scraping
Bounce Testing
Lead Discovery
Lead Research
Outbound CRM
Ready to Supercharge Your Outbound?
Our AI-first platform equips your team with best-in-class outbound tools and our AI BDR Ava, who automates your entire outbound workflow.
Get Started
Products
Artisan Sales Overview
Ava, the AI Sales Agent
B2B Data
Sales Playbooks
Email Warmup
Sales Automation
Resources
Blog
Demos
Support
Case Studies
ChangelogSoon
Solutions
Enterprise
Midmarket
Startups
Lead Gen AgenciesSoon
Company
About Us
Contact Us
Careers
Artisan LabsSoon
© 2024 Artisan AI Inc. All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Cookie Settings
By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts. For more info, visit our Cookies and Tracking Technologies section.
Accept All Cookies